The trucker freedom protest in Canada has garnered a lot of attention in the media. However, there are some important facts that have been overlooked or misrepresented. Despite the propaganda trying to depict the protesters as evil doers, the fact is that it was one of the most peaceful protests of that kind in human history.

What the protesters were asking for was the most fundamental of fundamentals: freedom of choice over the decision to take or not take an experimental medical treatment that has a long list of side effects despite limited testing. To reduce hesitancy, information about these potential side effects was actively suppressed and hidden, making it impossible for people to make an educated choice at the time. Trying to force them to take the treatment was unethical at best and unconstitutional at worst.

Despite attempts from the Canadian prime minister to slander the protesters, they were actually just hardworking citizens. In fact, some of them gave food to the homeless and built bouncy castles for the kids because the atmosphere was so peaceful that people brought their kids and played hockey.

The Canadian prime minister used the Emergency Act to aggressively stop the protest by force. The police officers even stole gas and wood from the protesters so that they could not keep themselves warm in the harsh Canadian winter. Police on horses trampled an old woman, and they used metal sticks and tear gas on peaceful protesters. The media called them terrorists and used other slurs in a smear campaign, and many Canadians bought into that propaganda.

One anecdote that highlights the media's biased reporting is the use of a picture of a protester with a Nazi flag. The media used this image a lot in their reports on the protest, often calling the protester racist and other derogatory names. However, the truth was that the man in the picture was screaming into a microphone, "This is what Canada will become if we don't stop these unethical mandates." This detail was conveniently left out by the government-funded media.

Overall, it is important to remember that the trucker protest in Canada was not a violent or dangerous event. It was a peaceful demonstration of citizens standing up for their rights and freedoms. The use of force and propaganda against these protesters is concerning and highlights the need for open and honest dialogue about these important issues.
