Some times old tech stays in the past for good reasons, But sometimes
it comes back from the dead, some of it is nostalgy of course,
I my self have a little weak spot for the old plastic baige of the 80s
used for computers and other vintage tech devices, vinyls are cool but
it would be hard to argue that they are superior to cd, but in some case
the older tech was actually better than it's replacements, I am one 
of those mechanical keyboards fans, but again their is still a reson
why they where left in the past, even do they do be having a revival it's
still an expeensive hoby for a neach amount of peoples, I don't expect
everyone to start using tty interface and cli apps even do they can
be way more efficients and powerful for a lot of tast, most task actually,
as I say if it can be done in the terminal it should be done in the
terminal. but this is not the point of this video, I recently started
looking at reusable film camera beause i was feeling nostalgic for the
unique feeling of old photo, but then I realised it was more than nostalgia
see the films camera don't have pixels, they simply capture the light the
way it is, and I just prefer the look and feel of it. no digital camera
can reproduce that, as we see a resurgence of old tech, I often ask my
self what if we kept improving old tech with current advancement?
a bit like in the fallout universe the tech of the 70 just kept going
in the same direction, I think we can call this movement neo-tech, 
their is a lot of things that modern tech does wrong, 
First reusability and reperability, old stuff was made to last and to be
fixed when it broked, now days we have tech made to break, with pre 
programmed obsolecense and pieces soldered to not be replaced easilly so
you buy a new product when the older one was just had a tinny piece broken.
older tech by being simpler was more reliable less parts that could go wrong,
it was often more robust and larger which is some case was a good thing,
yes a micro sd card can store you whole computer and is the cheapest 
memory device you can get, however try writing on it what it contains, try
phisically organising you files in them youll se that smaller aint always
better, you see their is alternative to the usb key and the sd card, 
zip drive, compactflash cards , digital is cool and all but the analogue revival has it's appeal, I even see 
some advantage using old crt monitor.

it's not for everyone of for every situations, but
sometimes by being blinded by progress we can overlook some
actually usefull tech. 

The old web, that also goes for the internet
the world wide web use to be way
less corpretised back in the days
it was decentralized own by individuals
hosting their site, made with good old html and css
no cookie here! simplicity, and everyone
web sites look unique and where unique
they wherent all generated by ai to
sell products, or ideas, they where
made by passionate people for passionate people.
you could host a site about anything
and making it look like anything it was
the wild west and it was good that way.
See this virtual high land, is similar to 
the actual settlers, at first we 
where the internet natives but now
big corp have taken the land, and
who owns the land has power over it.
when you go on other people land
by using scocial media you
don't actually have the power on
what you do. but when its your land
you site, you do whathever, you dont have to 
host it on your own server as long as
you have backup of it on your computer
if the host on which you have your sites
ever goes bad you can just pick
another one. the beauty of having
your own blog is that no one can
silence you just cause they disagree with
you. even scocial media used to give
their user more control over their
pages, some css customisation on
myspace and youtube, but now at best
you can change a name and a banner...
yes the internet is more homogeinous
and you see less websites with 
bad color contrast and filled with 
gifs but you lost the creative aspect
of sites making! I almost want
my site to look ugly now, because 
it can!! at least it will stand appart
from all the ai generated crap that
is slowly taking over the internet cuase
yes factually speaking the internet 
we use to know is dead, welcome to
the new internet made by corp. old websites
are slowly disapearing most website
don't last a a year now. search engine
won't show you the few remaining non corprate 
made websites. more than half of the web has already vanished.
my site is slowly becoming one of the last
of it's kind. and I don't think that's a good thing, this is why I made a page to present some of these forgothen sites, 
these relique of the old web, I screenshot some of them at random and hosted link to them on this page: 
I try to create my self some guidelines on what a good website should be and I try to follow them to the best of my ability

.1 Avoid js, only use scripts when necessary when you do warn the user, or even ask them for permission to run the script and explain what it does exactly, and even the basics of how it works. be transparent about them.
.2 NO cooky I don't care what you think is important enaugh to deserver them but unless you are a bank or some entitie that absolutly require them to work, don't use any cooky.
.3 When you add link to an external webpage try putting the actuall full link as text so that the user can actually see where the link is going to lead them instead of just a short descripiton. if you want to have a text description write it seperatly
.4 Minimize CSS to a minimum, a website that cannot be used in a terminal using cli web browser has too much scripts and css (dont get me wrong feel free to make your website look however you like but keep the basic functionality intact)
.5 No tracker that goes without saying
.6 all image used should be backed up on the site and not just be link to other website to be preserved if the source vanish
.7 no popup even do that goes without sayin
.8 warn people when they are about to leave your site.
.9 be transparent if some ai tool is used to write content
