Title: "A Bleak Future Looms: The Inevitable Totalitarian Dystopia of Misused Technology"

As technology advances at an unprecedented pace, there is a growing concern that it is being misused to create a dystopian future. The potential for a totalitarian regime to emerge, fueled by the unchecked power of technology, is a clear and present danger.

If things continue down this path, we will be living in a world where our every move is monitored, our every thought tracked, and our every action dictated by an oppressive government that values control over freedom. The very essence of humanity will be stripped away, and we will become nothing more than cogs in a soulless machine.

As this nightmare looms ever closer, the only hope for escape may lie in becoming a cyberpunk. Using technology to fight back against the forces of oppression, we may be able to carve out a path to freedom, even in the midst of a technological prison society.

But the question remains: will we have the courage and ingenuity to break free from our chains, or will we be doomed to a lifetime of servitude to the all-powerful machines that we ourselves have created? Only time will tell.

Every day, our movements are tracked, our purchases logged, our searches saved, and our faces scanned. Facial recognition technology is becoming increasingly widespread, with 24 countries already implementing location tracking to ensure compliance with quarantines. Even increased facemask usage is not protecting our privacy, as China's facial recognition algorithms have already figured out a way around them.

In January 2020, the New York Times reported that Clearview AI had created a database that made it possible to snap a photo of a stranger and reveal that person's identity. The technology was developed using over three billion images scraped from public social media accounts. Anti-immigration alt-right political operatives collaborated with the Australian creator of the technology, Hoan Ton-that. Elements of Clearview AI are in use by over 600 law enforcement agencies in North America, including the FBI, Department of Homeland Security, and ICE.

The worry about extrajudicial use of personal data is less far-fetched than ever, especially in the age of coronavirus lockdowns. The Department of Justice has requested Congress pass a law to allow indefinite detention without trial of US citizens during national emergencies. Unauthorized movements picked up by surveillance could be a pretext for such indefinite detention. Privacy rights need to be more emphasized, and any data collected about individuals must have a warrant before being used.

Some designers, and cybersecurity experts, are trying to fight surveillance with "fashion". Using surveillance-resistant clothing such as masks meant to block facial recognition cameras. Other anti-surveillance designers use fashion as a form of obstruction marketing makeup products or glasses.

While these efforts are commendable, people should not have to wear a mask or put on face paint or wear complicated t-shirt patterns to protect their privacy. The government should be protecting our privacy, and the power structures, as they are, should be valuing our privacy.

The reality is that the technological prison is inevitable, and living as a "cyberpunk" using technology to combat misused technology might be the only path to freedom to escape a dystopian future. We need to resist the surveillance society, and our government should be protecting our privacy.

The transhumanist movement, which believes that humans should use technology to modify the human body and experience, is even more scary, than the ramifications of facial recognition technology. For example implants like RFID chip in the hand.  

This may sound like Sci-fi, but when they will try to promote a visions where authorities are using facial recognition and other AI surveillance to prevent terrorist attacks by recognizing abnormal "behaviors" or "suspicious" individuals in crowd settings, or the idea of aiding the government in fighting human trafficking.

It is not hard to be sold on these "inovatiom" that will drastically change our world.

Just keep in mind, that no amount of technological progress is going to solve the issue of corruption.
